Luckily for us as we working we transition property we're not limited to only one property.
So what if let's say for number three the one that actually has the transition I would like to add another
thing and other property with a hover.
Well we have two options I can either add this property here or all of them since here I'm just selecting
all the divs.
Moreover it can be more precise and I can say you know what.
As I'm hovering over the three I would like to change in on border radius.
And in this case I would need to add my sudo selector.
So I'm going to say as I'm hovering over the three I would like to have border radius and let's say
this is gonna be 50 percent.
And again I would just like to pay attention to the fact that I could have added this to all of them
and it's gonna do exactly the same thing.
The difference would be that this is gonna be applied to all the divs in this case since this is the
only one we're using the transition property.
That's the reason why I'm adding it specifically to hover off 3.
So as I'm hovering what happened what I see is that my border areas changes instantly and the color
is taking for.
Because for now only thing we're having is transition property.
And the name was background so the way we're going to do this is we're going to have a comma that will
be the syntax and then we just need to again write the property name.
OK.
This is going to be border natives and we also have an option of let's say what kind of duration is
gonna be for the second property if we don't want it to be for seconds.
We just need to again another value in our case we're gonna leave it for now the same.
So this would be four seconds.
And this is gonna happen the same way where the color is gonna take four seconds as well as the Boeri.
However if we're gonna add here I don't know two seconds then the radius is going to happen in two seconds
and you can see still that color is changing.
So that would be the way how we can add multiple properties with our transition property.